http://placehold.it/800x600/ff00ff/00ff00?text=Awesome

Buy Items from sellers and store them untill a buyer wants to buy them. There will be many different items, so that storage place will be a limiting factor.

Can you deny buying stuff?
Can you deny selling stuff?
Can you destroy stuff in storage?
Upgrades for Storage Space, parallel queues?
Levels that change the number of items/store layout, or one endless game with difficulty curve?

Favourite for now:
    - no denying to buy things
    - no destroying things
    - buyers leave if not served in time
    - loose condition: 5 buyers leave
    - more different items over time, no win condition

Must have

    X Sellers
        X Come to Store one by one 
        X Each sells one item
        X Form 1 queue of length 5 with 2 heads (6 people in total)
        X Items of entire queue are visible
        X Player can decide which head item to buy

    X Buyers
        X Come to Store one by one
        X Each buys one item, if available
        X Form 1 queue of length 5 with 1 head (5 people in total)
        X Wishes of entire queue are visible
        X Player has to actively select the item from the Store
        X Will leave if item is not served for a certain time

    X Store
        X Has 10 shelves
        X No buying items when shelves are full
        X Allows selecting the item to be sold

    X Items
        X 15 Item types, properly named
        X Retrieve random item,
            X start with 3 options
            X add one everytime 15 items where processed (sold)
            X generate the new one immediately when it becomes available

    X Gamestate
        X Generate buyers and sellers (queues start empty, but will fill quickly. 1 / 3seconds each)
        X Count lost buyers
        X End Game when 5 buyers are lost
        X Score keeping

    X Improved RNG (Tetris RNG)
    X When one queue head is removed, the others do not change. It is refilled from queue.
    X Responsive layout

Should have
        
    X Item Transitions / Sell Animation
    X Select Oldest Buyer
    X Make only clickable items have cursor:pointer
    - Item pictures
    - Remaining lives graphics
    - Score graphics
    - Store graphics
    - Buyer/Seller graphics    

Nice to have

    - High Score Server
    - More Nuanced Scoring (include time left)
    - Item values
    - Store Upgrades (more queue heads, more storage)
    - More item types    
    - Item sizes